what have I to fear the Avengers that's
what we call ourselves sort of like a
team
Earth's Mightiest Heroes time frame yes
I've met them yeah
takes us well to get any traction I'll
give you that one but let's do a head
count here your brother the demigod a
super soldier living legend who kind of
lives up to the legend a man with
breathtaking anger-management issues a
couple of Master assassins and you big
fella you've managed to piss off every
single one of them not a great plan when
they come and they will they'll come for
you I have an army we have a Hulk well I
thought the Beast had one at all you're
missing the point there's no throne
there is no version of this where you
come out on top
maybe your army comes and maybe it's too
much for us but it's all on you
because if we can't protect the Earth
you can be damn well sure we'll avenge
it